# An Exam Generator Python Script

This project contains a basic python script that compiles and generates exam documents based on a given question-bank excel file. The script is only able to generate exam documents that consist of Multiple Choice & True/False questions. If you want to add other types of questions, for instance open-ended questions, you can edit the document after it is generated by the script and add any content you like.

***The program generates these documents using LaTex. Therefore, the user of this script should be familiar coding with Tex, and how to write, edit, and compile LaTex files. Further, once the document is generated, the user needs to rerun the Latex through a compiler so the score table can be generated at the end.***

This script is designed to allow the user to make the following configurations to the generated documents:

- Choose the number of versions of the exam to generate
- Add specific information to include in the title of this exam, Such as Course Number, Date, Academic Semester, Duration of the Exam, Midterm or Final
- Select the *number* of True/False questions to include for each exam version & the *score per question*
- Select the *number* of Multiple Choice questions to include for each exam version & the *score per question*
- The duration of the exam in minutes

## Important Notes

- The generated document will have a front page that includes the logo of King Saud University and some instructions. You can edit all this information in the file: `\tex_parts\beginning.tex`
- The file `\tex_parts\end.tex` includes a list of formulas students may need for the exam. You can edit this section using a latex editor of your choice.

## Requirements

- Python 3.8 or above. I suggest you use a distribution manager for Python. One popular distribution system is [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/). You can read more about Anaconda [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anaconda_(Python_distribution)).
- Latex Software. You can download and read more about the Latex distribution [here](https://www.latex-project.org/). Make sure after downloading any Latex system that the [pdfTex package](https://www.tug.org/applications/pdftex/) is installed in your system.

## Example

The documents and files in this repository was produced through this script using the following configurations:

    - Number of versions: 2
    - Chapters to draw from: 1 2 3 4
    - No. TF questions: 5
    - No. Difficult TF questions: 3
    - No. Medium TF questions: 2
    - Points per TF questions: 1.0
    - No. MC questions: 5
    - No. Difficult MC questions: 1
    - No. Medium TF questions: 2
    - Points for each MC question: 1.0
    - Course Name/Number: TEST101
    - Academic Year: Fall 2023
    - Midterm of Final: M
    - Exam Duration: 60
    - Exam Date: January 1, 2023
